I liver 13 points so it's throwing a
right come through like that first of
all straight under here to stomach nine
point or the carotid sinus point the
classic knockout point bang I
immediately sit back and smelt his arm
upwards taking it up I step through and
attack to liver points or gallbladder
points I then leave this arm and come to
with two strikes playing in here just
once more against rival punch again I
don't know what's careful about this but
it's called pulling the go forward
carefully because i'm dragging grades
are so just coming through with a Right
punch slap it up with my number one time
again going against the energy flow I
immediately grab his wrist and take his
elbow and into the side of the knee
pulling it forward this next method
snake fingers is not only an excellent
training method it's also the technique
called snake because I go through the
technique first and then I'll show you
how to train the trading method called
snake fingers greatest are you cross
punch just straight down low I'm coming
through here to the groin with the back
of my palm dan just blocking it I really
take his arm like this pulling it into
me taking two steps through and poking
my snake fingers into his eyes he would
might block that come through another
punch from behind I spin around with my
other snake fingers using my other foot
of balance of trying to strike his eyes
you might love it pull his hand back and
strike again I spin around take his arm
up and snake fingers to the eyes you
might block that so I take my hands
straight over and step through and
strike in here now that's the snake
fingers method the snake fingers
training method is I stand in a reverse
stance Green comes through with the
right putter left punch I'd simply slip
pocket and strike my fingers to his eyes
it comes through the same punch again
use my other hand this time to fire and